I can't believe
you have to work this weekend.
It's Seollal.
Our ancestors won't mind
that we had tteokguk a day early.
I'm just worried about you.
You just work all the time.
I'm the dad and you're worrying about me?
When did you get so grown up?
You're all grown up!
Ahh. this song is so good!
This is a bit of an old song.
but it's one of your mother's favorites.
You're right. Her favorite song.
You're really good at singing. huh?
It's such a relief
you take after your mom.
- I'm taking off.
- Okay. Go ahead.
- Okay. I'll be home later.
- Okay.
Hey. Dae Kim!
How is it living back home?
Oh. well. My room's
a bit smaller. but it's fine.
Your dad didn't say anything
about living with your mom?
Oh. he was furious and said
I was taking my mom's side.
It's my honor.
It's been a long time!
Mrs. Park! Are your grandkids doing well?
They're doing well.
I got the girls matching hanboks.
- Yes! Let's see!
- Hmm. Where did I put it?
Let's see here.
Thank you.
Bora. that's your last sweet.
Here to give me feedback?
No. I know I'm a little
intense when it comes to practice.
But don't quit the contest because of me.
I promise I'll take it easy
from now on. Cool?
Honestly? I just don't know
if I'm good enough.
Honestly. you need to practice.
It's about muscle memory. You need
to practice until your body memorizes it.
If you practice. there's nothing...
But you've got an amazing voice.
I wouldn't sing a duet
with you if you didn't.
Is that your sister?
She's the cute one in the family.
I think there might be more than one.